# Changelog


## 0.6.0
### Added
- Conference scheduling now enabled for users.
### Fixed
- Number entry fields now correctly disable their increment/decrement buttons if the user lacks edit permissions.
  

## 0.5.4
### Added
- Each user's database view pane configuration is now persistent across sessions.
- Added "!=" and "IS NOT" operators to the select query builder.
- Holding Ctrl while clicking the add tab button in the select query builder now clones the current tab.
- The select builder now makes use of VARCHAR columns' allow lists for conditions where either the = or the != operators are being used.
### Adjusted
- Boolean values in data tables now display as "Yes" or "No" in line with the rest of the application, rather than "True" or "False".
- Amended query builder output table double-click to also load records based on relevant IDs in change table.
- When adding existing assets or contacts to an organisation on the Assets & Contacts tab, records that are already linked are now hidden.
### Fixed
- The default ports in the network settings are now the correct way around.
- Removed the redundant first set of brackets from automatically nested conditions generated by the query builder.
- Increased the double-clickable area of the titlebar when maximised to the top of the screen, same for clicking minimise, maximise or close.
  
  
## 0.5.3
### Added
- Added a button to the asset window to open the currently selected organisation reference.
- Added an icon.
### Adjusted
- Record windows slightly restructured for improved window positioning and better visibility of their data tables.
- Uncapped the maximum width for columns in data tables.
- Client network settings are now stored in "Documents/Bridge Manager" rather than Windows' built-in settings to allow the network config to carry across between versions.
### Fixed
- Stopped the program crashing when trying to clear selection from data tables where only single-row selection is enabled.
- DateTime objects now display correctly in the query builder results table.
- Changing the organisation reference in an asset now correctly un-greys out the save button when editing.
  
  
## 0.5.2
### Added
- Selection count now displayed in the search result status bars.
- Push Esc to clear selection in any data table.
### Fixed
- Context menus no longer display on blank data tables.
- Organisation and asset references are now selectable without edit permissions.
  
  
## 0.5.1
### Added
- Status bars added to the database search area to summarise search results.
### Adjusted
- Organisation name field expanded in the organisation window.
- Organisation and asset references no longer locked behind full admin rights for editing.
- Minor visual improvements.
### Fixed
- Conference type permissions removed from the user account settings menu as these are now redundant.
- Fixed a bug causing historical searches to return erroneous results.
  
  
## 0.5.0
- Initial release of the application.
